it has been a while since i got this far
sorry there's a lot of outside noise and
i wanted to do a car to earn a lot of
people have been wanting a cart or so
i'm going to go ahead and show you guys
take out the keys so you sit in my car
and this is what you see i have water in
both of these i have a little trash can
down here and then in here i have the e
zpass i have some duramax and some
chapstick and pens and then my wallet
usually is not hanging here it's usually
just thrown down into the center look
over here i have a bunch of stuff i
never liked clean you go I'm sorry I
apologize I have a knife a tooth brush a
for another four
draw a bunch of hair clips some floss
hand lotion another straw and then some
toothpaste and then under here I have
lysol a water bottle um food cup for
Bella just if I have like something that
I got that she can have a little at all
just throw it in there I have another
water bottle and then I have some
deodorant and this like in case of
emergency thing which has like a light
and then to like crack the window and
then there's a thing to cut the seatbelt
right there i believe for something
there's a seatbelt cutter here i have
all my change in that little thing then
i have some hair elastics up here i have
a thing that Lily made me and then I
have a CD case it's some pokemon cards
at the kids that nanny that I nanny gave
me and then I drawing that lily maid
then when you flip this down I have
picture of bella well this one's caught
in the mirror then a picture of lily and
bella and then my sister and my dad and
bella and then bella then up here i have
a pair of sunglasses this part of the
glove box I have all of my car
information and then I'm in this part
this part i have my cds and then just
some tissues then moving on to the
passenger the driver side rear door hey
fellas car seat her diaper bag which has
a bunch of toys in it obviously my purse
in the back and then in the back of the
seat I have a microphone some crayons
some books and then her pink jacket we
are obviously so that I can see her and
in the way back I just have Lily's
booster seat on to the passenger side
door on the back of this seat right here
I have some baby wipes up top some gummy
is just for the ride and then I have for
juice boxes I have some diapers two
granola bars and then some gold fish
down there so if I give you guys a quick
little look I just cleaned out my car so
it's nice and clean for you guys usually
it is a mess because bella decides to
throw food everywhere oh there's also a
little windmill behind that seat but
yeah that is the whole cart or there's
not really much to it um it's kind of
just empty really there's just a bunch
of kids stuff and snacks and then just
beauty products and I don't know random
stuff so I hope that you guys enjoyed
this little cart or I know it wasn't too
too long but thank you so much for
watching and I will talk to you guys in
the next video bye guys